this is Al laa Hospital the only
remaining operational health facility in
the Central Area what you see behind me
is the facility itself designed in one
building here designed to accommodate
100 Cas on daily basis but judging from
what we're seeing the hospital has been
pushed to operate Beyond its capacity
just from the crowd behind me right here
at this health facility we're looking at
30 times more than it's
capacity and just to show you the extent
of the challenges and difficult
conditions this hospital is going
through we're taking you inside the
emergency department of the hospital
right here judging from what we're
seeing large number of people are
waiting in line here and to explain the
large number of people here at the
regist is because of the evacuation
orders issued by the Israeli mil
military that pushed the vast majority
from Ala Hospital whether the injuries
the patients they evacuate to leave the
hospital immediately just adding more
pressure on this small health facilities
in the Central Area making it very
difficult for the patients making it
difficult for the medical staff and
everybody to receive a proper Medical
Care this is the pediatric department at
the hospital here and as you see in the
frame of the camera there's so many
people here and when when we just talk
to a doctor in inside the hospital
describe the situation as very horrific
here never seen this large number being
in one place at one time here and he
goes on to explain this is because of
the evacuation orders took place at the
laka Hospital pushing more people to
move to a noat and other part of the
Central Area mainly those who are in
need of Medical Care ending up in this
Hospital a hospital that is designed for
minimum of a maximum of 100 Cas on daily
basis now is set to provide medical care
for close to 3,000 people on daily basis
just adding more pressure on a really
crippling Health Care System across the
Gaza
Strip make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaer